#4dpzbk / - #2bj0dv - Add meta tags (#395)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/README.md

---

> description: Welcome to Pupil Core! The first thing you need to do is download the latest Pupil Core software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Welcome to Pupil Core! This section will guide you through setup (software and hardware) in order for you to make your first recording with Pupil Core. 
```
